---
page_title: "Junos: junos_system_login_user"
---

# junos_system_login_user

Provides a system login user resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Add a system login user
resource "junos_system_login_user" "user1" {
  name  = "user1"
  class = "operator"
  authentication {
    ssh_public_keys = ["ssh-rsa XXXX user@host"]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- **name** (Required, String, Forces new resource)  
  The name of system login user.
- **class** (Required, String)  
  Login class.
- **uid** (Optional, Computed, Number, Forces new resource)  
  User identifier (uid) (100..64000).
- **authentication** (Optional, Block)  
  Authentication method.
  - **encrypted_password** (Optional, String, Sensitive)  
    Encrypted password string.  
    Conflict with `plain_text_password`.  
    If the encrypted password is present on Junos device and `plain_text_password` is used
    in Terraform config, the value of this argument is left blank to avoid conflict.
  - **no_public_keys** (Optional, Boolean)  
    Disables ssh public key based authentication.
  - **plain_text_password** (Optional, String, Sensitive)  
    Plain text password (auto encrypted by Junos device)  
    Due to encryption, the provider store the encrypted password generated by this password in the
    private state of Terraform to be able to detect a change of the password outside
    of Terraform with comparison of read encrypted password and encrypted password in private state
    (if different, password set to `?` in state).  
    The encrypted password is stored during create or update operations. If carry out import
    resource or use `fake_create_with_setfile` provider option, the private state will remain empty and
    detect change is not possible.  
    Conflict with `encrypted_password`.
  - **ssh_public_keys** (Optional, Set of String)  
    Secure shell (ssh) public key string.
- **cli_prompt** (Optional, String)  
  Cli prompt name for this user.
- **full_name** (Optional, String)  
  Full name.

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- **id** (String)  
  An identifier for the resource with format `<name>`.

## Import

Junos system login user can be imported using an id made up of `<name>`, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import junos_system_login_user.user1 user1
```
